Software License AGREEMENT

Software Products:
HostsMan and accompanying documentation ("Freeware").

Licensor: abelhadigital.com.

THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU, AN END USER, AND LICENSOR.

BY DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING THE FREEWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO
NOT INSTALL AND DELETE ANY COPIES OF THE FREEWARE THAT YOU HAVE DOWNLOADED.

THIS FREEWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE. OBTAINING A LICENSE TO THIS
FREEWARE FROM ANY PARTY OTHER THAN LICENSOR AND/OR PAYING A FEE FOR SUCH LICENSE
IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN. IF YOU ARE AWARE OF ANY UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY
DISTRIBUTING THIS FREEWARE AND/OR CHARGING A FEE FOR THIS FREEWARE, PLEASE
REPORT SUCH VIOLATIONS TO YOUR CONSUMER PROTECTION AUTHORITIES.

DISTRIBUTION ON INTERNET AND CD-ROM

1. The Licensor grants you the right to make this freeware available on an
internet site for the purpose of downloading, as long as NO FEE IS CHARGED for
said download.

2. The Licensor grants you the royalty-free right to reproduce and distribute
this freeware as part of a CD-ROM to be enclosed with the print issue of any
magazine, book or printed publication, as long as said CD-ROM and printed
publication contain material that would have been distributed regardless of the
inclusion of this freeware, and NO EXTRA FEE IS CHARGED for inclusion of this
freeware.

3. You are not allowed to distribute merged hosts files without permission from
the respective vendors.

LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

I. Grant of license

This Agreement permits you to use a copy of the Freeware acquired with this
license on any computer ("License"). The Freeware is "in use" on a computer when
it is loaded into the temporary memory or installed into the permanent memory
(e.g. hard disk, CD ROM, or other storage device) of that computer, except that
a copy installed on a network server for the sole purpose of distribution to
other computers is not considered "in use".

II. Copyright

The Freeware is owned by Licensor and is protected by copyright laws,
international treaty provisions, and other national laws. You agree that you
have no right, title or interest in the Freeware, except as set forth in
Subsection I.

III. Other restrictions

You may not rent, lease or sell the Freeware to any third party. You may not
reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Freeware.

IV. Warranties

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE LICENSED THIS FREEWARE FREE OF CHARGE AND THAT
LICENSOR MAKES NO WARRANTIES TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS LICENSE, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY
AND HOLD HARMLESS LICENSOR FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT (INCLUDING
THOSE MADE BY THIRD PARTIES) RESULTING IN WHOLE OR IN PART FROM YOUR USE OF THE
FREEWARE.

V. No liability for consequential damages

In no event shall Licensor be liable for any damages whatsoever (including,
without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption,
loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use
of or inability to use the Freeware, even if Licensor has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

VI. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws
of Portugal. If any dispute shall arise pursuant to any provision of this
Agreement, said dispute shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the courts, located in Portugal. If any term
or provision of this Agreement shall be declared invalid in arbitration or by a
court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall be limited solely to the
specific term or provision invalidated, and the remainder of this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect, according to its terms. Any provision
declared invalid shall be modified to the fullest extent possible to reflect the
parties intent as of the Effective Date.

Copyright © 1997-2017 abelhadigital.com. All rights reserved.
